Working with Go
Ready to write some Go code of your own? Here are a few links to help you get started.

Install and Setup your Environment
Start here: Official Installation Documentation
If you prefer to install from source, read this first.
InstallFromSource - Additional tips on source installs.
Windows user? Install and configure Go, Git and Atom for Windows
Mac user? How I start - Go - A step-by-step guide to installing Go and building your first web service.
Having installation problems? InstallTroubleShooting
Make sure you have your $GOPATH environment variable set correctly
If you need additional tips on using $GOPATH, go here.
MultipleGoRoots - More advanced information on working with multiple go installations and the $GOROOT variable.
Go IDEs and Editors - Information on how to use your favorite editor with Go.
Tools for working with Go code - Formatting, linting, vetting, refactoring, navigation and visualization.
Finding Go Libraries and Packages
Start here: Go open source projects.
Search for Go packages: godoc.org
Visualization of the Go open source package graph
Modules - documentation on the dependency management system built into the Go command, added in 1.11.
Managing your dependencies - An overview of the tools you can use to manage third-party packages (vendoring).
Publishing Go Packages as Open Source
Getting ready to publish your package? Start here.
The Go Checklist - A comprehensive guide for publishing a project.
How to layout your GitHub repo to make it easy to for other Go programmers to use with the go get command.
Go Package, Go - A few recommendations for making Go packages easy to use.
Learning more about Go
Once you have an overview of the language, here are resources you can use to learn more.

Learning Go - A collection of resources for learning Go - beginner to advanced.
Best Practices for a New Go Developer - Insights from Go community members.
Server programming - Building web, mobile, and API servers.
More on concurrency
More on error handling
More on testing
More on mobile - Android and iOS
Books - A list of Go books that have been published (ebook, paper)
Blogs - Blogs about Go
Podcasts - Podcasts and episodes featuring Go
Videos, Talks and Presentations
GopherVids is a searchable index of videos about Go.
GoTalks - A collection of talks from Go conferences and meetups.
Screencasts
Articles - A collection of articles to help you learn more about Go.
Training - Free and commercial, online and classroom training for Go.
University Courses - A list of CS programs and classes using Go.
Resources for non-English speakers